docs: add expo router docs (#22381)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/routing/errors.mdx

---
title: Errors
---

![](/img/error-boundary.png)

> Expo Router enables fine-tuned error handling to enable a more opinionated data loading strategy in the future. You can export a nested `ErrorBoundary` component from any route to intercept and format component-level errors using [React Error Boundaries](https://reactjs.org/docs/error-boundaries.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expo Router enables fine-tuned error handling to enable a more opinionated data loading strategy in the future. You can export a nested `ErrorBoundary` component from any route to intercept and format component-level errors using [React Error Boundaries](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary):
```

If linking React docs we should point to the new versions of the page.
